== README

						Class Portal Application

SUPER ADMIN - super@gmail.com


PASSWORD - super

ADMIN - admin@gmail.com  


PASSWORD - admin


INSTRUCTOR - instructor@gmail.com 


PASSWORD - instructor


STUDENT - student@gmail.com  


PASSWORD - student



Features of the class portal application:

Administrator

1. Admin Functionalities - Add, Remove and Edit admin details
Cannot delete self or super admin

2. Instructor Functionalities - Add, Remove and Edit instructor details

3. Student Functionalities - Add, Remove and Edit student details

4. Course Functionalities - Add, Remove and Edit course details

5. Enrollment Functionalities - Accept enrollment requests
Enroll/Remove students
Post Grades

6. Course Material Functionalities - Add new material or announcements
View Announcements


Instructor

1. Edit Profile - View and edit profile (Can edit password)

2. Course Material functionalities - Add and view announcements for courses teaching

3. View History - View courses teaching and taught

4. Enrollment Functionalities - Accept enrollment requests
Remove students
Post Grades

Student

1. Edit Profile - View and edit profile (can edit password)

2. View Courses - View list of all courses

3. Search Courses - Search depending on parameters  
Request for enrollment

4. View History - View courses taken and taking along with grades

5. Course Material Functionalities - View announcements for courses enrolled in

6. Drop Courses - Drop courses presently enrolled in

Extra Credit

1. An Instructor of the course can request to make a course “Inactive”. The request can be viewed by the admins only.

Steps: Login as an instructor and click on "Course Functionalities" link. In the next page click on the "Send Request to Inactive"
to send the request to the admin for making the course as "Inactive". Now login as admin and click on the "Course Functionalities"
link. You will see a link for the "Approve inactive request". Click on this link to approve inactive request.

<b>
Note to reviewers: Kindly do not change passwords or delete users listed on this page. It creates problems for the next reviewers.
</b>
